README.md, before:

# Guide for setting up BackupSecurity

## Requirements
+ Need one computer with ubuntu 12.04+ or windows 7+
+ Need one android device with android 5.1 or higher
+ Need minimum quad core arm cpu for android device
+ Both android device and pc should be on same wifi network

## Instructions
+ Download and install [BackupSecurity.apk](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ARUG18/BackupSecurity/master/app.apk) first
+ Open the app and press prepare config button, this will prepare filestosync.txt
+ Now click the start server button to start the ftp server on android
+ Now compile and run [downloader.java](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ARUG18/BackupSecurity-Desktop/master/downloader.java), this should start finding your mobile ip
+ Downloading will start as soon as mobile ip is found

## Todo
+ Need to implement similar algo to find pc's local ip from mobile
+ Need the mobile app to read acknowledgement.txt from pc and generate next filestosync.txt accordingly
+ Stats like number of files changed today or total size or redundancy detection can be done
+ Need to make some gui for both desktop and android side applications
+ All the security stuff

Commit message:

Update readme and add executable jar

README.md, after:

# Guide for setting up BackupSecurity

## Requirements
+ Need one computer with ubuntu 12.04+ or windows 7+
+ Need one android device with android 5.1 or higher
+ Need minimum quad core arm cpu for android device
+ Both android device and pc should be on same wifi network

## Instructions (for users)
+ Download and install [BackupSecurity.apk](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ARUG18/BackupSecurity/master/app.apk) on your android device first
+ Open the app and configure settings as you wish
+ Now run [BackupSecurity.jar](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ARUG18/BackupSecurity-Desktop/master/BackupSecurity.jar), this should start backup service
+ First backup could take long time

## Instructions (for developers)
+ Get source for android app [here](https://github.com/ARUG18/BackupSecurity)
+ Get source for desktop side program [here](https://github.com/ARUG18/BackupSecurity-Desktop)
+ Compile android app with android studio and install it
+ To compile desktop side program, first compile classes, run >> javac *.java
+ Then to make executable jar, run >> jar cfm BackupSecurity.jar manifest.txt *.class

## Todo list
+ Need to add backup time interval options in desktop side program
+ Need to turn off ftp server on mobile when it's not needed
+ Something more for improving security functionality
